hey what's up guys we're doing a
tutorial on how to do the voice of bane
now um it's kind of hard actually to
explain how I do it I guess um I think
while trying to figure out what it is
exactly that I'm doing to make the voice
sound like that I think I learned I was
talking from my throat a lot like as I
was getting ready say ah and I gotta
bring it back here ah and I left my
tongue the back my tongue towards the
roof of my mouth to give it there ah so
much time is pulled back yeah ah now I
talk like their ass but with that of
course I tried to make it sound just
like someone else had mentioned a little
bit like Patrick Stewart but mixed with
Sean Connery sure you've got Sean
Connery how about like this and then
you've got Patrick Stewart that's more
talks like this so um you mix those two
together and then you've got a sound
sound something a little bit like this
and then from that what I really like to
do is to take my iron and put it over
top to sit right the mask
yeah just creates a little box a little
bit of fun in there so let's give that a
shot again sure I'm going to talk like
this and I'll say ah like I throw that
ah just start it off with that to help
me get into that you know that sound
alright so now that I've got that sound
that ah ah there well now I can put this
here and I actually strain my neck a
little bit and kind of keep my bottom
jaw a little bit closed a little bit uh
don't move my lip a whole lot like I say
usually my lip I'm talking like this but
I usually don't usually move into the
whole lot but it's all good just
regularly okay so it's like this um
let's see here I'm gonna go back oh yeah
it's just art got the sound going ah now
we're gonna go ahead and your birthday
oxygen there we take my hand and covered
over and Mercer no but I knew who I was
until I ban the mask the knew I was a
character
nobody clear who hours until I put on
the mask
Gotham took map your city or your door
and for these I like to actually have on
when I do some of the voices I like to
have on the headphones so that you can
monitor so I can I can really listen and
tell change my voice if it's not right
but for whatever reason why was trying
to do that today they have like a two
second delay so it's really like ah ah
Gotham Gotham burn on your we're gone
you're like I can't do this anyways so I
hope that was helpful uh for a tutorial
on how to sound like Bane let me know
maybe now that was a good tutorial not
that's my first tutorial on how to try
to make your voice sound like someone
else's voice
so um we can do more of those if that
one worked out okay so let me know
alright it was good
alright thanks for subscribing to my
comedy in I Kate comedy thanks a lot
guys